So, good mid-morning, afternoon,
whatever you want to call this. Thank
you for joining us again today. We'll
go over some of the things that are
going on in the news. Braden has some
things for you all, but then
we're just going to jump in the river.
We're going to pray for things. As I
was praying this morning
over the rest of this summer
for the Clarity Act—that's just
really on my heart to push forth the
Clarity Act to get this done so that we
don't have a landslide victory for the
Democratic Party. And you say, 'Are
you so political?'Yes. We as a church
have to rise up and pray for our
leaders. And I want God-fearing leaders
in our nation.
Regardless of the church,
we're going to vote. We're going to go,
we're going to vote God-fearing
regardless. Usually, the church
votes for morals. But the world—we need
them to vote morals. And the only way
they usually vote that way is if their
pocketbook is good,
or
their pet projects, or whatever they see
is good. You know, I mean, the
church is usually the only one that
votes morals is what I'm trying to say.
And that's the way we always
go far right, you know, as far as
conservative values. But like
I said, if the
economy is bad and they don't see what
they want to see, they all vote far left
because we've got to have a change. So
that's why I'm saying we need to
stimulate the economy with prayer and
whatever. I don't know, you
know, I don't think like them. They
think with a reprobate mind, a carnal
mind. And so I try to think, 'Lord,
whatever it takes because I want
Trump not to have a stalemate
presidency over the next two years.'Not
just finishing his life,
being here and being alive, but
finishing strong,
that we have a strong presence. We have
a year, we have a half a year, and then
two years left to pray for this into the
2028 election so that we are able
to keep the House and the Senate.
It's just so important. There's so much—and
not just about the Senate and the House,
but our governors and our mayors.
As we see Mamdani doing all that he's doing
as a mayor. He's not even a governor.
Think about that.
He's doing this as a mayor of a city
like Batman, you know, like the
evil over
Gotham. And I'm thinking, man, I
thought, 'Is he the governor?'And no, I
said, 'He's a mayor and he's wreaking havoc.'So,
doesn't that tell you how
important it is for you to vote in
every election? Not just
about
governors and presidencies, but the
mayors are so important over your cities
and your towns. We have mayors over
every little district and all
over the little towns in
Oklahoma, over every little
area. But it's so important for you to
vote godly in every election. That's
what I'm trying to tell you. So,
we're going to go over today. This is
important. Remember what the Lord showed
us about fires. And the Lord said, 'They
will start to burn down your old
churches.
They're going to start burning down.'I
saw the Islamic Brotherhood burning down,
and radical people burning down
the churches in America, in major
cities, old historic churches. And I
said, 'It will become so much in the
news that it's going to poke a
giant called the church and people are
going to get outraged and they're
going to be upset.'And I saw it
happening in Europe, Canada, and America,
up northeast, and they're going to start
burning them in the south. They're going
to burn churches and they're going to
burn down old historic buildings, and
it's going to make people,
make people very upset. And so we
are seeing the fruit of that right now.
And these buffoons
are burning... This is one right here.
This just happened last night.
This happened last night. And they're
doing it with—they look like Islamic
Brotherhood right here. Do you see it?
They're taking it and they're just
throwing it against our buildings at
our churches. This church burnt down
at 600 years old in New York City
yesterday.
1930s.
Thank you, son.
I think that was the
last one that happened.
The last one that happened was 600 years
old.
Okay, so 600 was the last one. This
one's 1930. So this one's about 100
years old. Almost 100 years old. Not
quite. But they burnt this building
down.
Yes, with
a Molotov cocktail.
They threw it,
and this is in New
York.
New York.
Okay, so this guy burnt down. This
happened last night. So this is what the
Lord showed us was coming. So this is
prophetic. It's confirmation. We
don't want to be flaky on here telling
you what we see coming. And the Lord
said they're going to start burning down
your churches.
And people say, 'Well,
Brandon, do you just see all these
different things?'Yes, but it's only
whenever the cloak comes on. Like you
saw yesterday, it is dry. It is as dead, as
cold as a stove that's not on.
And I couldn't get there yesterday.
When that mantle, that glory comes on
me, I can feel it. I can see over and I
can see what's coming. And the Lord
tells us this kind of stuff. That's why
I said it's so important; I have to spend
time with Him because if I don't have
enough time in the river by myself—and
like I said, I was
distracted with my septic and
all the things going on. He said it was
dry and I can tell immediately. I said,
'Oh no, here we go.'You cannot—it's not
a microwave. I told you it is a process.
You spend time with Him. You keep
spending time with Him. And the more you
spend time with Him, the
switch turns on. But if you try to
operate underneath that glory without
the switch on, you're going to get
familiar spirits. You get demonic stuff.
You've got to make sure you're
underneath there and get real in
the river. But this is
what we saw and the Lord told us. So
here we are. April, the 338-year-old
church burns down. June, the 172-year-old
church burns down. July the 2nd,
churches were firebombed last night. I
told you the Lord said they're going to
burn down your churches, the Islamic
Brotherhood.
And we gave that word in May.
The Lord gave us the word in May and
today's July and it's manifesting. So,
the words are happening
faster.
Yeah, this is just New York though.
We saw some in the UK and all that.
There's some burning in the UK and Ireland
and Canada.
Just like the Lord said.
And I saw they were going to burn in
Australia. I saw they're going to burn
all over the place. The Lord said major
in Europe in the days ahead. He said
the Islamic Brotherhood will rise up
huge in France. And I saw old like Notre-Dame
burning again.
Cathedrals that are like over a thousand
years old burning in France, burning. I
saw them completely destroyed. Not like
last time, you know, when you saw Notre-Dame,
it was a big fire, but
I saw complete decimation of
churches in France and
England. So, this is happening
just like the Lord said. And the Lord
said it will provoke—it will
poke a bear—not a bear, I'm
sorry, a giant called the church. And
so, here's more burning.
New York.
Yep. 173-year-old building. They're burning
it down.
They don't like our churches on the
corners. They want their mosques.
They want their synagogue. They
want their Islamic temples. They don't
like our churches.
So, they're burning our churches
down.
All right. So, this is what the Lord
warned us was coming.
And so, okay. Next.
And then... let's see. He
said the ceasefire is over.
The Islamic Republic of Iran
has asked for continued talks. We have
agreed to do so, but the United States
has stated to them in no uncertain terms
that the ceasefire is over. So, he's
ramping up war and going to
finish them off. I believe
we're seeing major stuff
happening with this. And I believe Trump
realizes they're liars.
When I talked to
Max,
he
was Islamic
and didn't believe in Jesus at all.
His wife was a praying woman and loved
the Lord, and he was a Palestinian.
Jesus
saved his soul, and he gave his heart
radically to Jesus. He told me on the
phone in a conversation,
'It's nothing for the Islamic
Brotherhood to lie to you. They lie
all the time. They don't tell the truth
because it's okay
to deceive an infidel. It's okay to do
this.'He
was telling me,
'It's not wrong in the culture
of the
radical Islamic to lie to a Christian
or to the infidel. They won't lie to
each other, but they will lie directly
to you and they
are ruthless. They don't tell
the truth. But it's not wrong to do that
because you're deceiving an infidel.
You're deceiving people who are
not for you. You are not
part of the Islamic Brotherhood.'I
think that was interesting because I hope Trump
understands the culture.
He's probably understanding it more
and more as he goes that these people
are liars on purpose. He says, 'Well,
they're lying to us.'Well, yeah,
you're not a Muslim;
they're going to lie to you.
Iran is planning—can you make that
bigger?
Iran planned a new Trump
assassination attempt; Israel warns us.
So, Israel is warning that they caught
wind of
a major attack on our president's
life.
Life and death are in the power of
your tongue. And as you speak life, you
bring forth life. When you speak
cursings, you bring forth cursings to
yourself. That's why you've got to speak
good things out of your mouth. You've got
to speak life. Because when you speak
death out of your mouth and you're
saying, 'Well, I'm never going to do
anything. I'm never going to have
nothing. I'm always going to be sick'—all
these things. You're speaking
because your tongue is powerful.
Whenever you start speaking these things—like
he said, 'Well, I'll probably
be next'—he's
bringing that to him.
'They're probably going to kill me
too.'Listen
to what he said. Do you hear him
on the plane? Can you put that on there?
This is what we have to help pray—that
these words are returned unto him
void. We say they fall to your feet,
sir. Life and death are in your
tongue. You cannot speak those things.
You cannot say that kind of stuff over
your life, especially in the position of
authority that you're in. You can't say
death out of your mouth. You have to speak
life, sir. With long life, God will
satisfy you. The moment you start
agreeing with death, when you start
agreeing with destruction to kill,
steal, and destroy, you're on the
wrong side. You're lining up with the
devil and what he has for your life. And
we're praying for you. We want you to
live. We need you here, sir. We don't
want JD Vance.
We need you.
I would rather have Marco
Rubio, but he's not Vice
President. When you start saying
this kind of stuff out of your mouth,
you're agreeing with the enemy. You have
to agree with the Lord, and I'm on the
Lord's side. You've got to speak what God
says about you: that a thousand shall
fall at your side and ten thousand at your
right hand, but nothing will come nigh
you.
Don't agree with the death that they say
against you, sir. Don't say it. Don't
agree with your mouth
because we are
snared by the words of our mouth, the
Bible says. We cannot be snared by
our words. By you saying that, don't
agree with it because our prayers would
block
it.
Look at this, and
this is why we have to pray for him to
change that stinking thinking. It's the
devil trying to put a seed in his mind.
Go ahead. Can you play it?
If that's not it, let's move on.
I know this is
him saying he might be gone.
He's just basically saying bad
things.
He had leaders; they're gone. They had
another set of leaders; they're gone.
Now they have another set of leaders;
they may be gone.
Who knows? And you know what? 'I may
be gone too because I'm their number one target.'It's
out all over the place. 'I'm
their number one target because they're scum.'That's
the way they act, and that's the
way they've done it for 47 years.
No, you won't be. You're going to live
long. You're going to finish this race.
We're going to carry
you as the church over this
line. He needs help. There's so many around—it's
like praying for people
that are around and about him to have
good godly influence speaking into his
life.
Take no counsel from
the ungodly and being in bad alliances
with NATO, with Turkey, and
with Syria, and saying they're our
friends. No, they are not our friends.
They are the Islamic Brotherhood. They hate
Israel. They hate the Christians.
Regardless of whether they haven't
done anything—I don't care—they're
planning and plotting. As soon as
you become not president anymore, these
people are going to push buttons. If Sleepy Joe
Biden was behind the wheel
right now, Turkey would have already
done it. I guarantee you. But the
problem is we have a strong leader in
their eyes. And thank God Kamala
Harris is not president
right now. Thank you, Jesus.
Thank you, Father. Thank you, Lord. The
church is to rise up and vote godly.
Father, we thank you that
we'll do it again in November. I have
a feeling inside.
I could feel the pulse of the
church in 2024 concerning getting this
man in. And we were on it. We
were praying, but people were
discouraged because of the economy.
But it's not
just the church; we're just a little
bitty bit of people. It's the
boomers and the others
and the young people that are voting.
And when he came against the school
thing and saying we're not going to
help out with the grants, you got a lot
of kids upset about that,
the college students that voted for you that are
like, 'Hey, we're done.'I'm telling
you, we need when you start pushing
them to the socialist idiots like Mamdani
go, 'We're going to give you free
health care, we'll give you free child
care, we'll give you free this.'Young
people are
dumb because they've been
watching TikTok.
And I don't mean that disrespectfully.
There's a handful of you
that are smart, but there's a majority
of them that are dumb, that don't even
know what gender they are.
You just got to go to the
bathroom and check your parts. That's
what you are. Are you a girl? Well,
that's what your parts say. Are
you a boy? That's what my parts say. I
don't know
what I am; I
identify
as a dog, I identify as a cat. And we've
got people dressing up as cats and dogs
and walking around with leashes on.
That's no joke. My nieces and nephews
tell us about it. My kids are
homeschooled,
but they wear collars to class and
they put dog ears on and
they want to be a dog. And I'm like, 'My
God, what's going on with everybody?'Okay,
so
anything else?
And we have the fire.
He said he's not going to
do the
housing bill.
He refuses to
sign the
bipartisan
housing legislation
in
protest of the
Senate not passing the
Save America Act.
So he's not going to pass it.
But the
problem is that
if we don't stimulate this economy,
even with that shot—I
saw the acid shot sticking in the arm.
It was a massive needle, and it was full
of acid. I saw housing bumping
around in it. I saw percentage rates. I
saw the acid flowing on it.
Does anybody remember that vision? I saw
a massive horse needle. It was
full of acid,
green and sludge, and they were
planning on injecting the arm of the
American people with
a stimulus.
This is interesting. The
Save America Act—that's the most
important thing I can tell you: to make
sure that only American citizens are voting
in the election.
Look at this
craziness right here.
They made
a Lego figure in Iran and
they're hanging him so they
could
burn it.
It's crazy. What is the point of a Lego
figure?
'Oh, yeah, okay, so let's just hang him
up there with the crane.'That probably
cost several thousand dollars to build.
It
makes them feel better, I guess.
Next.
So the whole thing about my
family telling me about the
school loans—did you see that,
Braden?
He ended it. It
was the Biden-era thing. Maybe
it's not; we'll talk about it next time,
but I thought it was interesting.
Poland has launched new... they're
saying that
Poland and Ukraine are developing active
strike capabilities that can reach deep
inside Russia.
Turn your microphone
on
because people say they can't hear you.
Poland has launched a
new production line of domestically
developed long-range strike drones, marking
the government-backed effort to
strengthen the country's deep-strike
capabilities.
They're wanting to strike deep inside
Russia along with Ukraine. The
Lord warned us about Warsaw, and he said
Putin will strike Warsaw
with unconventional weapons of war—weapons
that we've never seen before in
the days ahead. I saw Warsaw
decimated
with this new weapon. It was a
weapon of mass destruction. I said,
'Lord, is this nuclear?'And he said,
'No, it's like nuclear, but it is not
nuclear. It's a weapon you've never seen before.'As
it went up, it vaporized
everything, but it did not touch the
houses or the cars.
It burned up everything else, though. It was
super hot, but it didn't burn up
the cars or the houses;
it just did the people. I saw them,
and it was in retaliation for long-range
missiles going into Moscow,
by the Kremlin. I said Poland will provoke—go back to the word—I
said Poland will provoke and stick the bear, and the bear will retaliate in the days ahead. That's exactly what the Lord
said. Poland will
provoke the bear.
I've waited and waited. I
said, 'Lord, how will Poland
provoke the bear?'Then
I saw
Zelensky.
They put in another proxy
government with an old man that looked
like a gray-headed guy with glasses.
I saw him come in, and they split Kyiv.
They said this will be pro-Russia and pro-Ukraine
in the days ahead. I saw a
plan to divide it and an
escalation. But then it said 'World War III'above
Europe, and when they
struck Poland, NATO—all
of them jumped in. They said,
'Well, it's time.'Then I saw
America sending troops over to Europe,
and it was a draft. I saw women and
men drafted because of this. What
happens to Poland when the Poland thing
happens?
I want to say
something else.
Follow me really carefully.
The youth
building that we're building at
Glorious:
there's a young man I saw in the
spirit
that the Lord has wanted to
get saved.
There's a revival coming from this
young man.
I saw he was a football player, and
the Lord said, 'I want this youth building
built across the street for this
young man.'But I saw there was
a window for this man's life because I
saw there would be a draft and
that this young man would be pulled into
war in the days ahead.
I saw that a lot
of the youth
in certain towns would be called up for
war.
As I was
praying into this—and I've never shared
this before—I
saw that there was only a window for
certain things to happen. As he
was finishing high school
and getting ready to go into college for
football,
there would be a season that this
young man would be used for war.
He would go.
I see things way deep and,
like I said, I only reveal what I
feel peace about revealing,
but there are certain things
I see in the news now that
start to weird me out. I'm just being
real with you. Some things
we pray away, and the Lord said, 'Some
things you'll see that you'll stop; some
things you will not.'Like with the
Fourth of July—I saw so much detail
with the Fourth of July. I walked away from that and
said, 'Lord, what happened?'He
said, 'Brandon, take it as
a win.
You don't realize
how many
hundreds of thousands of you were praying
over this. Take it as a win.'There
was a de-escalation of people's hearts
with the weather and the things
that manifested. But he goes, 'There's
certain things that will not be stopped
through prayer because my word said it
would come to pass.'As he told us—the
angel stood right there—he
said, 'Look at the fig tree. The fig
tree is ripe. Ezekiel 38 and 39 is at
the door.
You don't know where you are in the end
times, for an acceleration of things
will take place from the
seventh month.'I saw the number
seven; it was on fire.
And he said, 'An acceleration of war, an
acceleration of the cleansing of my
church
with refiner's fire,
for I will increase.'1
Corinthians
5:5—I
get
the numbers mixed up, I apologize—1
Corinthians 5:5. I will accelerate this
from the month of July
to January, and it will start to
double now, going into 9/11.
An acceleration of events will start
to take place. He warned me: war,
an acceleration.
You'll hear of wars and rumors of wars—acceleration.
I think even whenever
I told Joel Renner—Rick Renner's son, Rick Renner—he
came
to our church for a while and asked,
'So what's coming?'Sometimes
when you say things to
people, they look at you
like a cow at a new gate—you know,
a cow chewing its cud.
They look at you like, 'Okay,
we'll see what happens.'I say, 'Watch
Poland. Watch.'I'm not criticizing
him because I don't know him very well,
but people ask. I'm just telling you
what I see. This is what the Lord shows
me. They're always curious. This
is what the Lord is showing me:
watch Poland; watch all these
different areas. I saw
war, an acceleration of
World War III. This was
about a year or two ago,
before Rick came to church. I am
looking into it.
Whenever you're seeing in a
vision, sometimes it looks like it's right
in front of your face, like it's going
to happen tomorrow, but
there is
a process of time. That's
what I'm learning. It's very hard to
pinpoint time in visions because
God is infinite.
When you're looking in a
vision, it looks like it's right in front
of your face, but sometimes that 'right in
front of your face'is two
to three years, and
sometimes it's tomorrow.
Like when I'm seeing churches burning, I'm
thinking that's going to happen
later on, but it's happening right now.
Churches are burning and the Lord said
it.
I don't try to pinpoint
time; I see in part and I hear in part. I
don't want to get flaky with it because
there's a lot of flakiness in the
prophetic, and I think it's because
people just don't understand it. Daniel
saw things happening in the
Tribulation that still haven't
come to pass thousands of
years later.
Daniel said, 'I see this,'and I'm sure he was
thinking it was
about to happen, but thousands of years later,
it
still hasn't manifested. People might say
he's a false prophet, but he's in
the Bible.
When
you're looking in the spirit, you think
it's tomorrow, but it's years. Now Poland
is happening. I
remember going on Kim Clement's Donne's
Channel and I warned about this over a
year ago on July 11th.
I told
y'all what the Lord showed me about this
and she said, 'I remember Daddy having a
vision about
Poland and that area.'She said God sent her father to Poland, and she
went there to
the
woods. I said I didn't see the woods;
I saw buildings burning and a major
mushroom cloud;
it was an acceleration. Going
back to all of this:
I saw that young man and
the youth building, and that's
why it's been on my heart to build it so fast. The Lord put it on me to pray over that
youth building.
The city held it up for so long;
they didn't want it built.
This is the Red Zone. You see
that gap from that
building to that building? That's where
we're building the new youth building;
the structure is being
built right now. I
just have to make sure...
I'm showing it right now.
From there to
there is where we're building it
right now. That
is what the city blocked us for over the
last year. Finally, we got the
permit. I was so excited because
we've been praying over this.
This is the Red Zone, Champions for
Christ. This is where I see this boy
coming in across the
street from the football stadium.
As the church is
going on, we have tables out
here giving
him pizza and Cokes
to get them
excited. They're making a big garage
with a game room for
them to come over after the game for
an afterparty.
We call it the
Red Zone. This has
been my heart.
I've been
interceding for this building because
the Lord said the young man will be used, he
will be put in a school, and
revival will come from this boy. He
will save lots of college kids because
he will be like a David to me.
The city blocked
it and said, 'We're not going to let
you build it.'I
said, 'You will;
this is discrimination.'They finally
let it go. We had 14 people pray and
they broke that
through.
It's
being built right there in that
field.
It's exciting what God is doing in
these last days. That
field is going to be
the new building. The
high school stadium is
where the
Collinsville Cardinals play.
They walk across the
street and go to the party. That is what
my vision is.
I saw that young man being drafted to
war one day and the Lord said, 'You have
a window;
things are going to escalate.'You ask,
'Can we stop war?'No, you can't stop
war because of wars and rumors of wars in
Matthew 24. I
believe with all my heart we are in the
last of the last days.
There'll be things that happen.
We
can delay it sometimes, but we will
ultimately see the end come
because Jesus said it would.
We're going to see
plagues and pestilence;
this is the beginning of sorrows. People
go, 'Well, Brandon, the Tribulation's
not going to be too bad.'It's
going to be hell on earth.
You've never seen anything like this. Think of
when the Romans
tortured Christians in the
Coliseum
and they would send the lions out for
sport.
They would cheer
as they watched
Christians be crucified.
That's a sick culture.
But we are entering into a time of
godlessness.
The prayer covering will go.
I believe in the rapture of the church.
When the remnant
are taken out, that
restraining force called the Church is gone.
You're about to see a shaking like
you've never seen before.
People say, 'I believe there's
going to be revival in the
Tribulation.'I'm
not doubting that people will give their hearts
to Jesus Christ, but it's
about finishing the race.
Everybody can start, but it's
about finishing.
There'll be many people who start who
will not finish.
I don't care what you say with your
mouth; it's about finishing. Someone might
say, 'Well, Brandon,
I was all in for a day.'It's
about finishing the race. I saw
people in the Tribulation
who
were disappointed and mad at the
Lord because they did not have their
lamps full of oil and they were left
behind. They believed in a false grace
gospel that was just a soupy grace. We
can live the way we want to live. They
live like a bunch of alley cats, sleeping
around, doing everything, going to
strip clubs, and doing things,
thinking, "Well, we're saved, brother,
because it's under grace,"but they live
like hell
and didn't think they had to
live a pure life. I saw them left
and flipping off the Lord.
They were giving him the finger. They
were cursing him. They were mad because
they were left. Then they were
looking for the preachers who preached a
lukewarm gospel to them, and they hung
them right there in the streets;
they strung them up.
They were mad. They were angry. They
would say, "You preached us a false gospel."I
saw people on TV—TBN,
Daystar,
and some of these
TV networks that were on there on a
regular basis preaching the gospel—who
were left behind.
They were looking for them and
killed them. I'm telling you
the truth. I was there with Jesus and I
saw them murder those
preachers because they did not preach
the truth, and they were mad they were
left.
A lot of them joined up and created
communities.
They went to the hills,
the Ozarks,
the Rockies, and
the Smoky Mountains, and they had
camps or colonies of people.
They tried to join together and
brought
their supplies, but the weather
was crazy and it was the coldest winters
you can ever imagine. They could not
burn fires
because the
military drones would see them and
tell on you. If they
saw smoke, heat, or anything through
infrared,
they would
send the troops out to get you.
You couldn't stay warm.
In the summer, you could keep
cool by dipping in the water if you got
too hot, but the winter was bad.
I saw the people running and trying
to hide, trying to stay alive. There was
no food and no clean
water. There was a pestilence upon the
land. As you drank the water, it
made you sick, and you had diarrhea and
vomiting because people's systems are
used to purified water. We don't know
what it's like to have dirty water and
drink it out of a ditch like some of our
ancestors did.
They would drink things and boil them
to stay alive, but people
don't know how to do that now. They're
all domesticated. They know how to go to
the faucet and turn it on.
But if you ask, "How do
you stay alive?"you've got to
have fire, but you can't purify water
without fire.
So they're drinking the water and
dying.
I'm trying to warn
you about what's coming.
Many of you don't understand the
urgency of the hour
we're living in right now. Jesus Christ
is coming and
the water level is getting higher and
higher. The boat door is about to close
and many of you think you're on the
boat and you're not.
"Well, you're scaring me."I should be,
because it freaked me out. I lived it; I
walked it for the time frame with Jesus,
and he took me year after year and I
saw how it all happened. "I don't believe you."I
don't care. You'll see when
you're here, because
a lot of you won't make it.
They're going to cut your head off. If
you want to stand for the cause of
Christ when the tribulation comes and
you're here and you say, "Well, we're
just going to live and
fight this,"you will not.
It's literal hell on earth. The food is
bad, the water is bad,
the environment is crazy.
Everything is like on steroids. You
think you've experienced something bad
before. World War II was
a cakewalk.
Hitler was a cakewalk compared to the Antichrist.
Do you understand? The restraining force
was binding Hitler still as the prayer
army was rising up and said, "We're not
going to have this, Hitler."We rose
up and sent our troops over
and defeated him. But that was
through prayer.
You don't realize the
blood-bought church, the redeemed, was
interceding for Hitler's
destruction.
But whenever the restraining
force is gone, watch what happens. When
the Antichrist is able to do what he
wants to do and has
free reign,
you're going to see the three and a half
years and then the three
and a half years of craziness even more so—the
Great Tribulation.
I saw the chip. I told you it's a form
of Neuralink,
and they use the
satellites
with Starlink. I said Starlink is used
in the Beast system. Do you
understand? I
said Elon Musk is creating it. People
go, "Is Elon Musk the Antichrist?"I
said, "No, he's not the Antichrist. He
is the errand boy.
His mind is being used for the Antichrist."And
he probably doesn't even
realize it; maybe he does.
AI is part of this.
AI is a demon.
And I said many people don't realize
how close we are. They're all talking
about 2027, 2030, and all these
things. You all better wake up.
That's why I see, when I see Poland
and the things happening with war,
and I saw Apollyon
coming out of the pit and starting to influence
Putin.
I said, "My God, look at what's
happening all around us."The
angel said, "Look at the fig tree. Look
at Israel. Watch a two-state solution
try to come forth."And
I saw because of the decisions Trump
makes in the days ahead that Mar-a-Lago
will be destroyed with a hurricane. Mar-a-Lago
will be completely destroyed
because
if he decides to go against
the Holy Land, watch what happens to Mar-a-Lago.
Not
man-made, but by the hand of the Lord.
I saw a
hurricane that looked like it was on a
joystick come slam right inside, and the
eyewall went right over his house and he
was decimated. West Palm Beach is
destroyed.
Watch; I've seen it.
People go, "Oh my God,"and it will
be shock and awe. Do not touch the Holy
Land.
I do not believe in
replacement theology.
I've seen the hand of the Lord
concerning this. The Lord said this
would be warnings in the days ahead.
All I can do is yell from the mountain
tops and yell in the valleys that you
must get your heart ready for Jesus is
coming.
A lot of you are the frog in the pot and
the temperature's rising all around you
and you don't realize you're being
boiled.
Jesus Christ is coming
and you're running out of time.
If you are lukewarm or cold, you
must become hot for Jesus.
There's no more time for
compromise,
no more time to be a church
that is lukewarm. He said if you're
lukewarm, he would spew you out of his
mouth.
It's time to be all-in. It's time to be
on fire for Jesus.
I believe the great and terrible
day is whenever the church is removed.
That's a terrible day because none of
you know what it's like to not have a
prayer covering called the church.
Even the sister sitting behind
her little rocking chair, that old
lady in there—she thinks she's so
insignificant, but you are so
significant to the Kingdom of God and
how your prayers change a nation by you
just sitting there, Grandma.
It's not the preacher behind the stage.
It's the grandma praying on
her porch.
You say, "Well, God, I just want to be
used in these last days."You're doing
one of the greatest things you could
ever do by just being there and praying
and interceding for your pastor,
the evangelist, and
the prophet, saying,
"I'm just going to help hold up your
arms and make sure that you
make it through this
by prayer."The
prayer warrior.
And that's why the Lord said, "Embrace
what I've called you to do.
Stop being double-minded concerning this
and embrace it with all your heart. Do
you not think I know better than you?
I told you to raise up a million men and
women prayer army and tell my people
that I'm coming, Brandon.
That's what your assignment is. And
until you do that, I'm not releasing you
to do the next thing. That's later on.
It's not now. Do what I called you to do
today."And
He said, "Pray, tell my people that
I'm coming."So that's what I'm doing
right now. I'm trying to tell you with
all my heart: Jesus is coming.
There's many of you that are here right
now that you know you're not living
right.
You're in sin. You're
doing things that you know the
Holy Spirit's been dealing with you.
And I'm not here to beat you down. I'm
here to lift you out of that pit and
tell you God has a plan for your life.
But you must choose to follow Jesus
today. You must be all in.
You must give your heart to Jesus
Christ. If you're here today and you've
never asked Jesus to be your
Lord and personal savior, today is your
day of salvation. You may not have
tomorrow.
"Well, I'll do it later. I want to go out
and party a little bit more. I
want to do all this."You may not have
tomorrow. This might be your last
opportunity.
There's a heaven to gain and a hell to
shun.
But no one comes to the Father
unless He calls him. And right now He's
calling you. He's knocking on the door
of your heart saying, "Will you just let
Me in?"So
I want to ask you, do you know my
friend?
And more importantly, does He know you?
No, a lot of people can know a lot about
Him.
There's a difference between saying, "Brandon,
I know you,"and then knowing
me.
My wife knows me. My son knows
me. My daughters know
me.
But everybody else knows a lot about me.
But do you know Him? And does He know
you? And the only way you're going to
know that is if you confess Him and you
say, "Jesus, I'm a sinner. I need a
Savior. Forgive me."Run
to God. Today's your day to run to
Him. And if you used to know Him and
you've become lukewarm over the time—and
it's been maybe a couple years and you're
like, "Yeah, I used to be all in, but
in the course of time, I'm
back to where I used to be"—today's your
day to turn away from that.
You can be the prodigal that comes home
and says, "I need help. I want to
come back."So,
I'm going to say a simple prayer
for you right now, and I want you
to repeat it after me, and I want you to
say it with all your heart.
Today is the day of salvation. Say,
"Jesus,
I believe You are the Son of God.
I believe You died for me and You rose
again on the third day. Jesus, I am a
sinner and I need a Savior.
I ask You to forgive me of my sins.
I ask You to wash me with Your precious
blood,
Jesus. Today I'm coming home.
I no longer want to live the way I was
living.
I turn my back on the
sin. I turn my back on the devil. I
turn my back on the worldly things
that I was doing.
And Jesus, as of today, I'm all in.
I follow You. I make You my Lord and
personal Savior. I ask You to write my
name in the Lamb's Book of Life.
Forgive me.
Thank You, Lord, that if I die today,
I'll be with You in paradise forever.
Thank You that You're at the throne
right now making intercession for me.
Thank You, Lord, that You're praying for
me.
Thank You, Lord, that I'm free from my
sin. The moment I confess my sin, You
said You're faithful and just to forgive
me of my sin and cleanse me of all
unrighteousness.
Thank You that today I'm saved.
Amen. And amen."I believe if you just
said that little prayer, I believe you
just gave your heart to Jesus Christ.
And if you're here today, you ask me,
"Brandon, what do I do now?"You go
to a Bible-believing church. Don't go to
some watered-down church that doesn't
preach the gospel and the soon return of
the Lord Jesus Christ. And I would go
to a church that believes in the baptism
of the Holy Ghost.
Tell that pastor there, "Listen, I
got born again watching some guy on
YouTube and I want to be water baptized."Get
water baptized.
Get plugged in there. Go to Sunday
prayer. Go to Sunday morning
church. Whatever you've got to do, get
plugged into that church. Read
your Bible every day.
Pray every day. You say, "Well, Brandon,
I don't have a Bible."We will send you
a Bible for free just to be a blessing
to you. No questions. Listen, freely
we've been given, freely we give it out.
We just want to be a blessing. We'll
never solicit you. We'll never try to
ask you for anything. We just want to
tell you, welcome to the family, the
Kingdom of God. And we just want to
encourage you. If you want that and you
just said that sinner's prayer, it's in
the email description down below.
Put your name and your address in there, and in
the headline say, "I
got born again watching you,"and
we'll send it to you. We just want to
love on you.
So, welcome here. Welcome to the
family. I don't know if anybody gave
their heart to Jesus Christ, but if
there was any of you, welcome. But as I
was sitting out by the lake this
morning, I drove to the lake and I sat
there for a little bit because the Lord
said, "I want to talk to you."I saw
there's people that have been diagnosed
with incurable diseases with stage four
cancer and things—a death sentence from
the doctor.
And the Lord said there's going to be a
divine reversal on your diagnosis.
All 46 of you that gave your
heart to Jesus Christ today, welcome
home.
All 46 of you. That is
wonderful for all 46 of you that you're
all in. You're all cleaned
up. Look, I'm excited. If I could give
you a big old hug, all 46 of you, I'm
excited you're here. Thank you for being
here. But as the Lord was showing me
today, as I was looking upon the water,
I saw double for your trouble.
The Lord said, "It's time to believe Him
for double for the
trouble."Restore
back double what the devil stole
from you. And I saw a divine reversal
coming over your health and
the reports of the wicked. The report
of the doctor is not wicked, but
I'm not
going to stand for the report. We're
going to believe the report's the
report, but I'm going to believe the
report of the Lord. And the Lord said, "A
divine reversal."It's time for healing
in your body. And the devil's trying to
kill, steal, and destroy, but God says,
"I've come that you might have life and
life more abundantly."And as of today,
I believe is the expiration date for
that diagnosis.
So, we're going to believe for your
healing today.
We're going to believe for your
deliverance today.
That as He is, so are we in this world.
And there's no sickness in heaven, so
we're not going to have it. We're going
to have what it is in heaven on earth.
And if there's no sickness in heaven,
there's no sickness on me, right? I'm
going to believe as it is in heaven, so
it is on earth.
Yeah. Sometimes
I say that wrong backwards,
but I'm going to believe God with you right
now. Father, I thank You, Lord.
Father, right now for the divine
reversal.
Father, as it was on the water, You
said, "Speak to the water."Brandon, I
saw the water.
And we call healing over your bodies
right now in Jesus'name. We call
deliverance over your body right now.
And we thank You, Lord, that there are no
cancers. There is no heart
disease, clogged arteries, whatever it
may be. The doctor is saying there's no
hope for you.
You've got Alzheimer's. You've got dementia.
You've got all these things. Father, I
thank You for the divine reversal and
You're reversing the curse.
You're reversing the curse,
and I believe that healing belongs to us
in the name of Jesus from the top of our
head to the soles of our feet. We say,
"Satan, you have been served
an eviction notice and you are done. Get
out of here in the name of Jesus."In
the courtroom of heaven, you have
been found guilty.
And by His stripes, we are healed. We
are whole. We are well. And we receive
the healing in the courtroom of heaven.
As we petition You, Lord, and we come
before Your throne boldly in that
courtroom, we say, "We plead the blood."And
the blood speaks for me.
As we plead
the blood
in that courtroom, everything is
legalistic. Satan, you are defeated. You
have been defeated.
And we are underneath God's covering of
a healing umbrella
on earth as it is in heaven. Heaven on
earth. And we believe it—a divine
reversal.
A reversing of the
curse.
Thank You, Lord, for
divine healing flowing through their
bodies right now. They receive it by the
stripes of Jesus—everything they're
believing for. No matter what it is,
there's nothing too big, there's nothing
too small; Jesus Christ paid the price
for it all. And we believe that Christ
in us is the hope of glory. And we believe
that finances are coming around.
Whatever we're believing for
financially, we believe 30, 60, and
100-fold. We speak to the harvest to come
forth in the name of Jesus, and there's
an expiration date to poverty.
We believe that You are the provider. We
believe that You're Jehovah Jireh. We
call in those finances now in the name of
Jesus for supernatural debt
cancellation,
buildings paid off, debt decreases, and
we have increase over us in the name of
Jesus for supernatural creative
ideas to get wealth—that we're money
magnets. We thank You, Lord, that there's
supernatural increase over us in the
name of Jesus
for jobs and better jobs, raises and
bonuses, benefits, sales, and commission.
We thank You, Lord, for good-paying jobs
with great benefits.
We thank You, Lord,
that some people are going to start to
retire and get into their heavenly
calling of what God's called them to do.
We thank You, Lord, for restoration of
all things.
We thank You, Lord, for marriages being
restored.
We call back supernatural relationships—that
there's love back in the
relationship, that they don't fight and
have strife. There's love in the house
again.
For faith works by love and love is
strong in that house. And we believe for
supernatural love walk in those homes in
Jesus'name.
Kids are coming home. Wayward children
are coming home. We believe, Father,
in the name of Jesus.
Everybody believe that? You've got to
believe; be a believing believer. You
can't just sit back and sit on your
blessed assurance and go, "Well, I don't
know. Sometimes He does, sometimes He doesn't."I'm
going to believe God always.
And if I'm believing even in the day I
take my last breath, that God is a
rewarder of those that diligently seek
Him.
I believe that God is the God that turns
it on a dime.
Nothing's too far gone for Jesus to take
it out and say, "I don't care what the
doctors say."He said, "Well, it's a
report, sir. I appreciate your report.
We're not attacking the doctors. They're
just doing their job. But I believe that
Jesus is a healer.
I believe Jesus will have a divine
reversal."Do
you believe that today with me?
Thank You, Father.
You may have gotten the divorce papers
in the mail, and
the delivery man delivered them until you
say, "Oh, but I believe my marriage is
going to be restored there."God can turn it
around.
I'm not giving up on this. I'm not
giving up on that. I'm believing with
you.
Stand for what? Stand for righteousness
and truth and holiness, and stand for
the glory. Stand for what God's about to
do in these last days—be a part of it.
So that was the first part of that when
I will jump in the river. All right, you
want to pray with me? We'll take
communion. But that's what the Lord gave
me this for you this morning out by
the water.
I sat there and I listened to Him for a
long time this morning early. And I sat
there and I said, "I want to know what's
going on. What do You mean to do?"And I
needed to spend time with Him. And
I heard it. He said, "I'm
bringing divine reversals, Brandon."Many
of them have been in lack,
and they're about to have double for the
trouble.
Expect it.
Expect Him to show up and show off in
your life today.
So, hallelujah.
I'm actually not in the woods or
wherever I'm at today, right? I'm in a
green screen.
Okay. Father, we just thank You for the
Holy Ghost and fire. We take the
body and we're just so
grateful for what You did for us. We're
so thankful, Father.
Well,
thank You, Father. We just don't
bypass what You did today. We believe,
Father, that anointing destroys every
yoke of bondage on their lives.
And we take this body and we remember
what You did for us. And we're so
grateful for all that we're able to
do because of Your covenant with us. And
Father, we thank You, Lord, for the
healing power that flows on the inside
of us. And we take this right now in Jesus'name
and we give You all the
glory, honor, and praise for it. Amen
and amen.
What do they think about that? They
think that's pretty neat, huh?
I'm so excited about that youth
getting saved.
Jesus is going to touch a generation.
Thank You, Father.
Father, as they're believing for their
youth, as they're believing for their
children, we thank You,
Father, that You'll pour out Your
Spirit upon all flesh,
Jesus.
Be big in their lives.
We take this blood in the name of Jesus
and we apply it to our houses. We apply
it over our finances. We thank
You. We make much of the blood and the
blood makes much of us.
We apply the blood of Jesus
and we thank You, Lord.
We take the blood and we thank You,
Lord. If there's anything You want to
show us today,
we yield ourselves
to You.
We thank You for the blood;
it never loses its power.
We thank You for the blood.
We take this blood right now in
Jesus'name.
Thank You, Lord.
Somebody just got their breakthrough. He
told me
you felt warmth go all through your body
like liquid lava.
Lord said you've been delivered.
He said that was His goodness and His
mercy. It passed by your house today.
Oh Father,
how much You love Your people?
Oh,
how much You love Your people, Lord.
He doesn't want that any man should
perish, but all come to repentance.
We thank You, Father. It's the goodness
of God that
brings man to repentance. It's the
goodness of God.
Oh, Father, we love You.
Wonderful, the matchless grace of Jesus,
wider than the mighty rolling sea.
Grace
all-sufficient
for me.
He's broader than the scope of my
transgressions.
Is that right?
Yeah, it's wonderful.
Okay.
Wonderful, the matchless grace of Jesus,
deeper than the mighty rolling sea.
This is higher than the mountain,
sparkling like a fountain,
all-sufficient
for me.
Grace,
broader than the scope of my
transgression,
greater far than my sin and shame.
Oh, magnify the precious name of Jesus.
Praise His name.
I love that.
But I don't know the melody. It
was just when He was talking about the
grace because I've heard Sister Billye
sing it. Billye
Brim, she sang that before on a
platform and I don't think she knew even
all the words, but Shelley did.
I remember.
Wonderful,
wonderful, the matchless grace of Jesus.
Deeper than the mighty rolling sea,
higher than the mountain, sparkling like
a fountain.
All-sufficient
for me. Grace,
broader than the scope of my
transgressions,
greater far than all my sin and shame.
Jesus,
wonderful,
wonderful. The matchless grace,
deeper than the mighty roaring sea.
As we surrender our all to you today,
I surrender all.
All to thee, my
blessed
Savior,
I surrender
all.
He wants you to surrender everything to
him today.
You say, 'What is your all?'Your
marriage, your finances,
your health,
your kids, the worry of your kids, the
worry of where your kids are going to
school, the worry of everything. I
surrender all.
I
surrender
all.
All
to thee, my
blessed
Savior,
I surrender
all.
I
surrender
all.
I
surrender
all
to thee, my
blessed
Savior.
I
surrender
all.
What area of your life? He says, 'What
area of your life do I not have all of?'What
area of your life, or even my
life? What area of your life does he not
have all of today?
What have you reserved for yourself
and you won't allow him to touch it?
It's tough. It hurts too bad.
There's too much pain for you to
go there, Lord,
because you're wounded so bad by
somebody in the church. Maybe Sister
Clipboard was extra mean to you on the
back row, or you walked away
wounded. You've never been back
since to church. You've never allowed...
well, that husband that was
mean to you, that husband that's a divorcee who has
been mean to you and he
was a preacher. Oh, but
this hurts so bad,
and you've allowed this festering wound
to become something that's abscessed
and nasty and putrid,
and God is just wanting you to surrender
it to him today.
The father that abused you
verbally, physically, sexually, whatever
you may have been through—or the
mother, or the aunt, or the uncle, or
whoever you've got. You've got all this
going on inside of you and there's so
much going on, but you've never fully
surrendered it to him.
And today, the Lord asks, 'Will you
surrender your all to me?'He's
asking for something that has been
so
much pain, and you've
held it and you think nobody else can
see it.
This is where I
don't let anybody go.
But he's asking you today to surrender
your all to him. I hear it.
It's time for you to take that box and
open up that box of everything that
you've shoved down inside of there. And
it's so packed full of so much drama and
so much pain, so much hurt. And he says,
'Will you just let me take that out?'And
you open up that box and you
pull it out. 'Yeah, I remember that old thing.'You
hand it over to him. 'Oh, yeah, I
remember that. I put that in the box
years ago.'And you pull it over and
you're looking at it. 'Look at that.
That's really stinky.'Surrender
your all to him today. You've got
boxes of drama,
boxes of pain, boxes of things. And he
says, 'Surrender it all to me
today.'I
surrender
all.
I
surrender
all.
All
to thee, my
blessed
Savior,
I
surrender
all.
I
surrender
all.
I
surrender
all
to thee, my
blessed
Savior.
I
surrender
all. I surrender all. I surrender all to thee, my blessed Savior, I surrender all.
We surrender our lives.
We surrender our hearts.
We surrender our marriages.
We surrender our kids.
We surrender our finances.
We surrender our pains.
We surrender our hurts to you.
We surrender it all, Lord.
We
surrender all. We hold nothing back from
you.
We
reserve nothing of ourselves
for ourselves.
We surrender it all.
We surrender the pain. We surrender
the torments. We surrender it all.
We
surrender all
the broken relationships.
The boyfriend who hurt us, the
girlfriend who hurt us, we surrender it
all.
The youth pastor who wounded us so
deeply, we surrender it all. The
pastors, whoever it may be, we
surrender. We give it to you.
I'm not carrying this anymore. We will
not carry this anymore. We give it
to you, Jesus.
We
surrender
all.
We
surrender
all,
and we choose to forgive.
We choose to forgive today.
We choose to forgive by faith. Even if
it's by faith, I forgive them by faith.
I forgive the hurt. I forgive the
worry. Forgive me for the
worry. Forgive me for holding an
offense. Forgive me, Lord,
and I forgive them for what they did.
Love takes no account of a suffered
wrong. I forgive them, Father, by faith.
I forgive them, Lord.
Thank you, Lord.
As we surrender our hearts, Lord,
take all of me.
Take all of me, Lord.
Take all of me.
We
surrender
all.
We
surrender
all.
All to you, our blessed
Savior.
We
surrender
all.
We
surrender
all.
We
surrender
all.
All
to you, our
blessed Savior.
We
surrender
all. I surrender it.
We surrender our finances. We surrender.
We surrender, Father.
Oh, have your way, oh Lord.
Have your own way, Lord.
Have your own way.
You are the potter,
we are the clay.
Mold me and make me
after thy will,
while I am waiting, yielded
and still.
Have thy own way, Lord.
Have thy own way.
You are the potter,
I am the clay.
Mold me and make
me
after thy will.
While I am waiting,
yielded and still.
Have thy way, Lord,
have thy own way.
Thou art the potter,
I am the clay.
Mold me and make me
after thy will,
while I am waiting,
yielded and still.
Do you see? That's where it's at.
It's that place of surrender.
It's the place of surrender. It's the
place to be more like him. He
surrendered it all. He took it all. He
died for you and me. He yielded to
death. He became sickness, he became
disease. He yielded. 'Not my will, but
yours be done.
Can this cup pass from me?
But not my will, but yours be done.'He
became obedient unto death. He took it
all for you. Now let him take it from
you. I yield to you.
I surrender to you. He surrendered for
us.
He died for us. He suffered greatly for
us. He was obedient unto death. I take
it all for them. I yield my life.
I surrender all.
He took it all.
Now we give him all.
Jesus,
I surrender all.
Have thy own way, Lord. It's that place
at the cross
where you realize what he did for you
and you say, 'God, I yield my life to
you. Have thy own way?'Thou
art the potter,
I am the clay.
Mold me and make me
after thy will,
while I am waiting,
yielded and still.
I'm yielded and still.
Have thy own way,
Lord.
Have thy way.
Let's see the next verse, son.
Search me and try me,
Savior, today.
Wash me just now, Lord,
wash me just now.
As in thy presence,
humbly I bow. I'll sing it again.
Have thy own way, Lord.
Have thy own way.
Search me and try
me,
Savior, today.
Wash me just now, Lord,
wash me just now.
As in thy presence,
humbly I bow.
I bow.
I surrender.
As in thy presence,
humbly I bow.
humbly
I bow.
Have your own way, Lord.
Have your own way.
Search me and try me,
Savior, today.
Wash me just now, Lord,
wash me just now
as in thy presence,
humbly
I bow
at the place of surrender.
At the place of surrender.
At that place of I surrender all.
I surrender all.
I surrender all, Lord, in
thy presence.
Make me the apple of your eye.
Hide me in the shadow of your
wings.
Make me the apple of thy eye, Lord.
Hide me
under your wings.
Create in us a clean heart, Lord.
Clean me up
inside and out from
all the drama that holds me back.
I surrender. I surrender. I surrender.
I reserve nothing for myself. I
give it all to you today.
I give it all to you.
You can bring somebody to the water, but
they have to drink.
You have to drink it.
It's your responsibility to
drink it.
Jesus, I surrender.
Wonderful the grace.
Wonderful your grace.
The grace is so sufficient for me,
Jesus.
Wash me just now, Lord.
As in thy presence,
humbly I bow.
As in
thy presence,
humbly I bow.
Have your own way, Lord.
Have your own way.
You are the potter,
we are the clay.
Mold me and make
me
after thy will,
while I am waiting,
yielded and still.
No,
oh Jesus.
I pray, Father, that they have a
fresh touch from you today.
That every single person who is gathered
here today, Father, gets a fresh drink in
this place of an oasis
in the middle of the desert, in the
middle of the dry seasons of their life.
Father, they
can be led by the living
water.
The living water flows.
You prepare a table in the presence of
all our enemies.
Our
cup runneth
over today.
Surely goodness and mercy
follow us
today.
Father, as we lift up our president
before you,
we thank you that President Trump is
protected.
We ask you, Father, right now in
the name of Jesus, we thank you
for your angels that are
protecting him. They bear him up in
their hands lest he dash his foot
against a stone.
We pray over Eric, Don Jr., Tiffany,
Ivanka,
Barron,
and Kai, the young granddaughter.
Father, we cover her and her
family in the blood. No weapon formed
against them will prosper. Father, we
thank you for every plot, every
plan, and every pursuit across the land
concerning their lives.
Specifically Don Jr., I see him again
right now.
I cover Don Jr. in the blood.
I see a
major plot
against Don Jr.'s life. I see that
if they can't get to Trump,
they're going to try to take out his
son.
I cover Don Jr., Eric, and Barron in the blood.
It's
because he's the firstborn son.
The Lord said,
'Why Don?'because I asked him in my
heart, 'Lord, why
Don Jr. all the time?'He said, 'Because
it's his firstborn
son.'We
cover him
today. We cover his life today. Every
plot, every plan, and
every pursuit across this land
concerning Don Jr., Eric, and Barron,
we cover the sons,
the daughters, and his
grandchild in the blood. No weapon
formed against them will prosper.
We apply the blood of Jesus over these
kids today.
They are
doing
reconnaissance;
they're scoping him out right
now. They look like tourists.
I see
blood on his chest.
And the other one is still Ivanka.
It's the oldest daughter and the oldest
son.
It's about being the eldest.
Oldest grandchild, oldest daughter,
oldest son.
I see a three-cord.
This is a very strong,
prominent vision,
very colorful,
dominant, and
clear.
We pray over Kai, the
granddaughter. We pray a hedge of blood
around
about this
young girl. No weapon formed against
this young girl will prosper. We cover
her in the blood
on the golf course and
in her
car driving down the road. They want it to look like
an accident. We cover
Kai in the blood, driving down the road in
her car, on her right and her left,
her front and her back. No weapon formed
against this young girl will prosper.
We cover Kai in the blood of Jesus.
We cover Don Jr. and Ivanka. We
say no weapon formed against them will
prosper,
over Tiffany and over
Eric. We cover them in the blood in Jesus'name.
It's interesting because
it's not so strong around Eric as it
is the others.
It is even
more strong on Barron than
even Eric.
The blood of Jesus covers
them and the
children.
We put
angels around and about them. Thank you,
Lord, that they have security and are
protected.
Thank you, Lord, that Melania is
We
have
to push this through for
them. This is very serious.
We thank you, Lord.
We pray over President Trump, over his
mind and his body. We thank you
for his
strong heart, strong arteries, and strong
body. In the name of Jesus, he'll finish
strong.
Every door that is open, we shut it.
We plead the blood
over the doors.
I see big doors that have been
opened.
There's a
door open to Don Jr.
I see an ombre
door that has been opened.
It's very dark blue at the top and
it fades into white at the bottom into a
gray.
The Lord said,
'That's an ombre door. An
ombre door has been
opened.'The
Lord said, 'Keep strife out of your
house and
your ministry in the days ahead.'He's
looking for an open door. Keep
strife out at all
costs.
I see a certain ministry right now where strife is trying to attack a woman. I
see
a woman
in a ministry as a leader
of a church with her husband.
The
enemy is trying to take a life
by strife.
It's an open door of strife.
There will be greater days ahead for
you to be offended, but the
enemy is
trying to do
this with strife. The enemy
is after this
woman's life
by opening the door to strife. I see
she has curly hair. The Lord
said, 'Do not open the door to strife.
Keep this closed with the blood.'This
is very serious
because the
calling is on you.
The transfer is on you
and the enemy knows
it. Keep strife out at all costs.
I see them trying to create a
tragic event. The Lord said, 'Don't
allow the strife in, for I have put the
transfer on you.'I
see
a steep slope
coming.
No, you'll not do it,
Satan.
Just be like Lot and
Abraham and
keep
the strife out.
It tried to be
a steep slope, but the transfer
is on thee. The transfer of the wealth, the transfer of the blessing,
the transfer.
It's
a birthright
transfer. Like when
he put the hair on his hand
and he wanted
the birthright transfer
from Isaac.
The Lord said it's a birthright
transfer, and I see the
blessing coming on you. I see the
blessing coming on you, but you think
it's a natural blessing. This is an
endowment of my glory blessing.
It's an endowment of a transfer;
it's
something that is only done by
the Spirit.
Do you understand when he put
the goat hair up
here? It's fake, but the blessing is
coming on you.
It's the transfer.
It's
an empowerment to prosper, an
empowerment to walk in the favor of God.
The Lord
said this is an empowerment to prosper.
You say, 'Well, it's not.'No,
it's a transfer in the
spirit realm.
I see it almost
like oil going on someone's
head; the oil is flowing over
this lady's head and
the glory. The Lord says there is the glory
of
a
transfer on the hair. I see it on the hair; there is glory.
Keep the strife out.
It has the
potential to be a steep slope, like a
black line or a pyramid.
It's like a triangle; that's
how steep it is.
The Lord said, 'Pull at that.'I
see it. Isn't
that interesting? It went from
that to someone being
the apple of the Lord's eye.
The Lord said he would
show, then I could see an open door.
There
is
strife at
the meeting.
I can't say that in the natural;
too many people are here.
It's at the meeting.
Even concerning
two-facedness in another family
member, I see
a
spirit
behind it.
You're not wrestling against flesh and
blood,
but
against the spirit of greed behind it.
To the people it
belongs to, they'll know. That's what
the Lord said. You don't say anything.
He said to the people whom that
belongs to, they will know.
That's all that matters. You did
what I told you to do.
So, Father, we thank you, Lord, for
President Trump.
The Lord said there
will be
shakings
from now until
the first of the year. You're going to
see more
shakings and earthquakes in Italy. There will be shaking
in the Vatican.
I see
paddles like heart paddles
concerning the Vatican;
there's so much darkness around it.
The Lord said, 'I'm
changing it.
Heart
paddles.
What once
was will be no more.'It will be a great shifting, a metamorphosis taking place in my church in a lot of camps. For what once was
will be no more,
for I have new, greater things standing
at a new door.
Don't camp around what was old, for I've
got something new in store.
A great
new door will open to you. Walk through
that new door, for this is where the
fresh thing is. There will
be meetings that will be
closed. I am shifting
for the soon return of my Son. A new tide
is at hand. You see a
shifting
because
I'm opening a new door.
You'll walk through the new door, and
that's where the river is. I have
a fresh, green
everything. You'll ask why
this one has been cut off? Because that was
its season.
Now I'm doing
a new thing. Behold, I'm going to
do a new thing.
So, don't latch on and hold on tightly
to that which is dead.
Let it go.
When the cloud
moves, you move with it. Don't camp
where I'm not.
These are pet
projects; they
have
become an idol.
You've
done
this for 20 or 30 years and
built your rocks
around the wrong thing.
He said, 'Follow me.'When the glory
cloud moves, you move with it.
Don't camp around something that is
dead.
The numbers are not there, people
are not coming anymore, and the fragrance is
stinky. The Lord said, 'Move with the
glory.'That's
where the
provision,
peace, and favor are.
There's
no strife attached to it; it's just a
flow. Flow with the
divine flow. Don't camp and build dams
around what is dead.
It's not there anymore because I have
moved on.
I'm just doing a new thing. Tent
revivals had their place in
that time frame. Jack Coe
and all them had their place.
But when it was the last tent
meeting,
I moved on. Oral Roberts had his
last
meeting in a tent.
It wasn't
judgment; it was just
time to move on. Kathryn Kuhlman had
her time.
Behold, I do a new thing.
Don't camp around it. It
was
fun for a season,
but
it's time to move on. We
get into
a rut because
it worked the first time.
That's just human
nature.
I'm just saying what I'm allowed
to say.
I see everything in
visions,
but I'm only allowed to
say what he permits
because it's very detailed about certain
individual ministries.
I
keep things to myself, pray it
out, and
keep moving.
Don't camp there. God has
something new.
For the Lord is good and his
mercy endures forever.
Father, we call forth
the Clarity Act and the Save America Act to be
passed in the name of Jesus. We
have this wave of the financial
outpouring. And I thank you, Lord, that
there's nothing hindering it anymore,
Father, that this will be
a week as we close out this Friday going
into Saturday, Father. I thank you,
Lord, that we'll see a week of a great
divine reversal. We call for change in
the name of Jesus. As we get ready to
pray into the weekend, we pray over all
these things and we lift it up before
you. And we give you glory, honor, and
praise. And we thank you, Lord. The best
is yet to come. Hallelujah. And
everybody say, "Amen."And amen.
Well, I'm so thankful that every single
one of you came today. I know it was
different, but I pray you're
refreshed and I pray that you come back
with me tomorrow,
Saturday, and we'll pray again on our
Saturday. We'll pray Sunday, and we'll
keep lifting up the things that are on
the Lord's heart to do. And so for all
46 of you that gave your heart to Jesus
Christ today on this broadcast, all 46
of you, praise the Lord and welcome to
the family of God. We're excited that
all 46 of you gave your heart to Jesus
Christ. And so, man, what a time of
prayer! I pray that you
feel refreshed, though. And I do. And
I'm so thankful for all of you that came
out today. How many did we have?
Our numbers today, son?
5,000?
Son, we had 5,000 of you pray with us
today. So, all 5,000 of you, welcome.
I'm so excited you're here. And so,
we'll be back tomorrow and we'll pray.
Did you like the timeframe? I'm trying
to do it a little differently, but maybe
we'll do it later in the afternoon
tomorrow. I don't know. I'm trying to do
different timeframes, and we're reaching
different people throughout the world
during this broadcast.
Maybe tomorrow we'll do it a little later, or
maybe we'll do it earlier because it's
Saturday. But yeah, I pray you
come and pray with us. Have your
notifications on and you can just jump
in the river when you have time. If not,
you can watch the replay. But thank
you for your support. Like the video,
subscribe, click the notification bell,
and we'll see you again.
Remember, put a smile on your face and a
song in your heart. Jesus loves you so
much, and we love you. God bless you
all, and we'll see you again. Bye-bye.